docs: add section on token definition structure (#1671)
aws-amplify/amplify-ui: docs/src/pages/theming/theming.web.mdx

};
```

> #### Defining component tokens

Reviewer: Rather than being about contributing, shouldn't this be aimed at explaining to users of our theming system?

```suggestion
#### Component token definitions
```

Author: Yeah, that suggestion feels more appropriate for the audience.

> Amplify UI should follow a consistent pattern when defining tokens for a component's states and variations. This is helpful for discovering what tokens are available for theming different aspects of a component. Amplify UI uses the following pattern:

Reviewer: I know we aren't fully consistent yet, but shouldn't we define it as the standard here?
```suggestion
Amplify UI follows a consistent pattern when defining tokens for a component's states and variations. This is helpful for discovering what tokens are available for theming different aspects of a component. Amplify UI uses the following pattern:
```

```javascript

> component[variant][_state][child];

Reviewer 2: Should we change `[variant]` to `[modifier]`? Some components have a `variant` prop as well as a `size` prop

Author: That works for me; maybe a little more inclusive of both variants (primary, link, etc.) and size.

Author: Updated to include this change, and added some definitions for those terms (modifier, state).

```

Following this pattern, our token definition for the component would follow this general structure. **Note**: Amplify UI prefixes states with an underscore, `_`, to help distinguish state names from variation names.

```javascript

> export const component = {

Reviewer: Feels like it might be more useful if we provide a real example from the codebase?

Author: Updated to include an abridged example (didn't want to include the whole file) from the Button component.
